NAME
    Mozilla::Backup - Backup utility for Mozilla profiles

REQUIREMENTS
    The following non-core modules are required:

      Archive::Tar
      Archive::Zip
      Compress::Zlib
      Config::IniFiles
      File::Temp
      IO::Zlib
      Log::Dispatch
      Module::Pluggable
      Params::Smart
      Regexp::Assemble;
      Regexp::Common
      Return::Value
      Test::More

    The Archive::* and *::Zlib modules are used by their respective plugins.

INSTALLATION
    Installation can be done using the traditional Makefile.PL or the newer
    Build.PL methods.

    Using Makefile.PL:

      perl Makefile.PL
      make test
      make install

    (On Windows platforms you should use `nmake' instead.)

    Using Build.PL (if you have Module::Build installed):

      perl Build.PL
      perl Build test
      perl Build install

SYNOPSIS
      $moz = Mozilla::Backup->new();
      $file = $moz->backup_profile("firefox", "default");

DESCRIPTION
    This package provides a simple interface to back up and restore the
    profiles of Mozilla-related applications such as Firefox or Thunderbird.

    More details are available in the module documentation.

REVISION HISTORY
    The following changes have been made since the last release:

    0.06  Sat May  7 2005
            - replaced Params::Validate with Params::Smart in constructors
            - revised internals for handling errors
            - Params::Smart 0.05 required
            - Compress::Zlib and IO::Zlib are now explicitly required
                  (for use by Archive::Tar)
            - plugins verify status of archive before operations
            - option to show version and license info in mozback script
            - plugins have smarter error handling/return values
            - methods return failure codes rather than croaking
            - uses Return::Value
            - _find_profile_path is now (publicly) documented
            - added support for Beonex profile
            - updated POD for README generation
            - improved code to find profile on Windows 9x/NT 
            - added code to munge prefs.js after restore_profile
            - uses IO::File
            - uses Regexp::Common
            - updated default excludes
            - updated documentation
            - set perms in FileCopy
            - added example to FileCopy
            - changed tests

    Details can be found in the Changes file.

KNOWN ISSUES
    This module is a prototype. Use at your own risk!

    Not all of the profile types have been tested, and are implemented based
    on information gleaned from sources which may or may not be accurate.

    The current version of this module only copies files and does little
    manipulation of any files, except for the profiles.ini and prefs.js to
    update some pathnames. This means that information specific to a profile
    on a machine such as extensions and themes is kept as-is, which may not
    be a good thing if a profile is restored to a different location or
    machine, or even application.

    (By default cache files are excluded from backups; there may be problems
    if cache files are restored to incompatible applications or machines.)

SEE ALSO
    Mozilla web site at http://www.mozilla.org.

AUTHOR
    Robert Rothenberg <rrwo at cpan.org>

  Suggestions and Bug Reporting

    Feedback is always welcome. Please use the CPAN Request Tracker at
    http://rt.cpan.org to submit bug reports.

    There is now a SourceForge project for this module at
    http://mozilla-backup.sourceforge.net/.

LICENSE
    Copyright (c) 2005 Robert Rothenberg. All rights reserved. This program
    is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
    same terms as Perl itself.

